# God is Our Grandpa

Okay I know what I am getting my feet into but I really want to. Let’s begin with an observation I made a couple of months ago, there were two street dogs just in front of where I am living right now (not dead but since this is an episode so please pardon my writing skills as I am just too excited, they were quite young), back to the observation, anyone could tell that they were siblings, one was older than the other. The intriguing part, the part what made me think of something comes right now, the younger sibling got hold of a stick (not with his hands but mouth, use your brains peeps) but the older wanted that stick too and badly, so now is the time when both them had one end of the stick between their jaws and one of them was successful in getting the stick. You guessed it right if you thought the older one did.

The more powerful and skilled gets the stick, this is a real world thing, this is what happens with us humans too, right? That’s how our world works! This doesn’t make the elder dog a bully or a bad soul, it’s much simpler than that, one must learn to protect and safeguard the things which matters the most, a life lesson for the cuter puppy. But no, this is not where I am going with it, this is one thing I wanted in this piece of whatever I am shoving my nose into.

My point is something else, it lies somewhere else and sorry, we aren’t that close, yet! If you can read this means you were born, funny huh, and you were taught to respect elders, we all were. Did you question whoever taught you this, ‘the WHY’, Why should we respect elders? You can tell that now because we are all grown ups and we know that by respecting we actually mean to respect their struggle, their hard work, their experience. I am not against this, no! But let me bring the monsters into account, the monsters in our society, the ones who ruin things and they too are big fellas, older than us, should we respect them? Respect them for taking lives, hurting souls, destroying dreams? Period

Back to the dogs, let’s pick that analogy and zoom out in the timeline and just put it there (put the analogy), quite neatly. We respect god, we think he’s the most powerful, he’s a personality which helps us and does only good to the world. All of it is true, warm and fine. What if god is no one but the elder sibling from the event I witnessed? We humans without trying a little can complicate stuff like spaghetti. I know many of you will try to change my perspective but this is simply what I think the concept of god is. I respect almighty, I respect you, thinking god is my grandpa doesn’t change anything because I love god. I love the positivity connected to it, let’s keep the conflicting elements of our society out of this for now. I am not done yet.

For many, god is the whole universe, we are made of universe, that’s scientifically true (in short we and universe are mostly hydrogen, carbon, nitrogen and oxygen for anyone who can make sense of a institution we named chemistry), what if my so called observation is tending towards truth then this makes each of us a god. Each of us with some genius traits, each of us with difference and if that makes us humans but not god then I really have a lot of homework to finish and I will, ain’t gonna stop.

The sole and only purpose of me writing this was to simply spread what I think and find out if it resonates… At the end I am just a part of an advanced species of apes community surviving on a floating piece of mass heading in a direction unknown and calls himself a god. (giggles)

HIHI, this was fun!
